Editorial review: Topics API docs (#30107)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

    > **Note:** This attribute is considered a legacy attribute and redefined as `allow="payment"`.

- `browsingtopics` {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Include this attribute to specify that observed topics should be sent in a {{httpheader("Sec-Browsing-Topics")}} header with the request for the `<iframe>`'s source. See the [Topics API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Topics_API) for more details.

Reviewer: Drive by comment (Im not reviewing this whole PR, just this page): 
Is this boolean? say so. If true, X...
Making a suggestion that is likely incorrect, but just to show what i mean...

```suggestion
  - : Boolean attribute that, if present, specifies that the observed topics should be sent in a {{httpheader("Sec-Browsing-Topics")}} header with the request for the `<iframe>`'s source. This attribute is not part of the [Topics API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Topics_API), an [unofficial proposed draft specification](https://patcg-individual-drafts.github.io/topics/).
```
The linked [Topics API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Topics_API) doesn't provide more details on how to use the attribute - just line 82 really; a reader shouldn't have to read the entire API to understand how to use an attribute. Please create content on that page (or elsewhere) for this attribute if we want to include it.

Author: I've done a bunch of rewriting that should help clarify somewhat how to use this. We are getting there slowly. I have clarified that it's a boolean on the iframe page.
